feat(docs): add one-click install docs page (#22553)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/one-click.md

---
sidebar_position: 65
---

# One-Click [Cloud Service]

:::note

> This version of Immich is provided via cloud service provider's one-click marketplaces. Hosting costs are set by the cloud service providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of Immich is provided via cloud service providers' one-click marketplaces. Hosting costs are set by the cloud service providers.
```

Support for these are provided by the individual cloud service providers.

**Please report issues to the corresponding [Github Repository][github].**
:::

## Installation

> Simply goto the providers marketplace and choose Immich, then follow the provided instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the provider's marketplace and choose Immich, then follow the provided instructions.
```

## One-Click Immich marketplace providers

### DigitalOcean

https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/immich

### Vultr

https://www.vultr.com/marketplace/apps/immich

## Issues

For issues, open an issue on the associated [GitHub Repository][github].

> [github]: https://github.com/imagegenius/docker-immich/

Reviewer: This is the wrong link right?

Author: I'll fix these.
